Translator: Asmaa Abdelaty Auditor: Ayman Hosny
In my childhood,
My family had no dogs.
The rest of the children in the area owned dogs.
So I asked my father one day,
Why don't we get a dog?
He said:
"Because they used dogs against us,"
He meant that the Nazis used dogs
To attack and intimidate my family,
My dad and grandmother,
During the three years we spent in Nazi concentration camps.
We also had no German car -
Neither "Volkswagen" nor "Mercedes" or "BMW".
My father used to call her "Nazi Cars".
Last summer,
I was standing at "Hertz", a car rental center in Berlin,
When the employee said to me:
"Very sorry, Mr. Rosen,
We don't own the car you booked. "
Then I was disappointed.
I follow the employee: "But don't worry, Mr. Rosen,
I have very good news.
I have a car with a sun roof, big and cushioned by the skin
It is a luxury car.
Let me review the Mercedes-Benz available to you. "
And I thought ..
"It looks like it will be an exciting trip
To where I will go with this car. "
I will tell you where I got that car at the end of my words.
First, let me tell you why I went to Germany
And what I learned there.
I went to Germany last summer, with 20 other people from the United States,
A very distinct group; From a county governor and prosecutor
And several prominent academics,
Conservative activists, progressive activists,
And the head of a non-profit organization,
And several reporters.
And the TV news program "60 Minutes",
A convicted fighter from Detroit.
As a big and happy family.
(Laughter)
Germany has a very low crime rate
Prison rates as well,
That is, a very low percentage of their citizens occupy prisons.
and the opposite,
Murder rates in the United States
Nine times its counterpart in Germany,
The prison rate was ten times that of Germany.
In the United States, we spend more than $ 50 billion annually on prisons,
Of these, over 9 billion annually are in California alone.
In fact, California is one of sixteen states
There are more prisoners than university students.
About $ 50,000 a year to house one person in prison.
Which of you in the year of graduation,
He knows the cost of going to university,
Total costs,
It could be something of $ 50,000 a year
Or even more.
I really know that everyone here will graduate,
But 6 out of every 100 American men
He graduated from high school, not university
He will spend a year in prison before he reaches thirty.
For those who did not graduate from high school,
28 out of 100 will spend a year in prison before reaching the age of thirty.
For the African-American man who did not graduate from high school
68 percent .. 68 out of 100,
He will spend a year in prison before he reaches thirty.
However, the situation was not as it is now in the United States.
That's our prison rates from 1925 until about 1975,
The “prison rate” is an elegant word for reference
The percentage of those who are in custody or imprisonment?
And you will see that from 1952 to 1975, that fifty year period,
The average is about 100 per hundred thousand.
It is a very stable rate.
Something rises at 1940,
Then it goes down a little bit,
But it's a fairly constant rate.
But something dramatic happens in the mid-seventies until today,
And you'll see that from the mid-1970s until now,
The prison rate jumps to where it is today,
At about 700 per hundred thousand
At seven times, the percentage increase by 700%.
Now, to put all this into context,
Ask: What about other countries?
OK,
When comparing ourselves to other democracies,
With the democracies of the first nations of the world,
Our prison rate is beyond normal,
as you see.
We are the highest in stages.
All other European countries, as well as Australia and Canada
Much lower than our rates.
And as you can see, Germany -
Maybe around ten -
Slightly less than nine times the rate of imprisonment in our country.
So, a research study was prepared by the National Academy of Sciences,
In 2014,
It was concluded that the growth in prison rates in our country
Over the past forty years
Historically unprecedented, and unique worldwide.
Historically unprecedented;
Because..
See where we have been for fifty years!
So it is unprecedented for us -
This is not the approach we have taken in this country -
But it is also universally unique.
When comparing ourselves to other countries,
We imprison much more people than them.
right Now..
sound..
It is with the prison rate in our country
Who rose, rose, and rose ..
The crime rate decreased, decreased, decreased ..
Now, some will say:
"Oh ...! Well, the reason for the continuing drop in crime
Attributed to the continuous rise of our prison rates.
See ...!? The reason is clear.
The reason for the decrease in crime is that we have become strict
And we sent a lot of people to prison,
And prisons made us harsher,
And we made the sentence longer,
We did not release people under conditions,
This gave people a lesson.
So, crime rates have decreased. "
This is a simple and straightforward argument.
Marvel at the strict Western mentality.
And remember! When you try to convince people of something -
A simple argument that people can understand -
You go half way to persuade them.
If people can understand something,
They will tend to be more convinced than if they do not understand it.
Now, the problem with this argument,
And it's one very small problem associated with this idea,
It is completely incorrect.
We came to this; Due to the crime
It is not just about specific city or country trends.
But he crossed the whole western world and crossed the developed world,
Europe, Australia, Canada ..
Crime seems to have changed in parallel since the Middle Ages,
We know this from all discovered records.
It seems ..
That from about the middle of the nineteenth century until the fifties and sixties,
Crime has died in cities all over the world.
From that time, from the 1960s until the late 1990s, the crime increased:
Real estate tenure and violent crime rose across the western world.
But from the 1990s until today,
Crime decreased across Europe, Australia, Canada, and the United States.
I fell in all of those places.
right Now,
Let's take a look at our northern neighbor, Canada.
An optional reason for Canada, for example -
Although I can use any other country in Europe -
Is that we share a common border with Canada,
And we think Canadians are almost like us,
But a little nicer -
I think this is the stereotype of Canadians.
So, if you look here,
This is a comparison of theft rates in the United States and Canada,
You will notice that the rates are somewhat higher
In the early nineties in both countries
Then it starts to fall
To rates not seen before in either country until the 1960s
Thefts have decreased in both countries.
And also murders.
But our rates are higher.
We have more robberies, more murders;
Rates in Canada are at a lower curve.
But you will see the same pattern.
Again, in the early 1990s,
There is an increase in homicide rates -
Killing any object is a type of murder.
Then starting in the nineties, and in both countries,
It drops again to rates not seen since the 1950s and 1960s.
So, in another word,
In the United States and Canada,
The crime was in the sixties, seventies, eighties and early nineties
Rise in both countries,
The crime has risen,
Then it started to decline in both countries.
But why has crime decreased?
Well, you might say in the United States,
"It decreased because, as you can see, we became harsher and put more people in prison."
But what did Canada do to lower its rates?
This is what we did.
Our prison rates are higher.
We dealt with pushing more people to prison and for longer periods.
Our rates of incarceration of persons are much higher.
What did Canada do?
nothing.
The same as they have done for the past hundred years.
And what's interesting about Canada is that their prison rates,
About 100 people among every hundred thousand -
wait a moment! Where have we heard this number before?
Those were our averages between 1925 and 1975,
Therefore, it appears that what affects crime rates is attributable to
More than just the number of people we put in prison.
Two years ago, New York University Law School,
She came up with a comprehensive and documented study,
They found the crime rate correlation with three things.
number one:
Increasing prison rates and sending more people to prison for longer periods,
It has little impact on crime rates.
number two:
Improving the work of the police,
Better use of data to identify forensic sources,
She played a significant role in reducing crime rates.
And number three:
Certain socio-economic factors
She played a big role in reducing crime rates,
These factors are:
Longer life expectancy for the population,
A lower average number of family members,
Low consumption of alcohol.
So,
Let's move away from politics and statistics.
To describe what you saw in Germany.
Germany's prisons are completely different from US prisons.
First, it is much smaller,
The largest prison in Germany is the Tegel prison, in Berlin.
It includes 1200 guests.
Most German prisons are much smaller,
It contains between 300 to 500 guests.
On the contrary, American prisons are very large;
The largest of which is New York's Rikers Island prison, with more than 14,000 inmates.
The prison in Angola, in Louisiana, has more than 5,000 inmates.
And in California, if your car takes about an hour and a half to the north to Saint Quentin,
3,500 guests.
And if you drive an hour and a half south to the Soledad government prison,
3,600 guests.
More and more ..
Second, German prisoners wear their personal clothes.
Just as you are dressed!
And cook their own meals,
And they have enormous freedom of movement during the prison.
On the contrary,
American prisoners, we all know they are wearing a uniform,
They are locked inside their cells most of the day,
They eat their meals in huge canteens.
German prisoners have their own cells,
Terms of the phone,
And their personal bathroom, too.
Let's take a look at Heidering prison.
It is the most recent newly built prison in Germany.
It was built in 2013.
You see, there's a barbed wire on the outside.
It appears as a detainee.
This is one of the cellars inside it.
This is only a place where everyone walks in prison
To move from one place to another.
As you can see, natural sunlight enters it.
And it has a touch of beauty in design and style.
The pictures I show are exactly what prison looks like
When we lost it in the summer
So if you think: "Oh my God! It's so clean,
It looks cleaner than this upper school, "
(Laughter)
This is exactly how it looked when we saw it.
Again, high and natural lighting,
A lot of light enters it.
These are the rooms in which individuals live.
There is something like a balcony on each floor,
Several balconies that prisoners can go to inhale some fresh air.
The only difference, yes, is the presence of bars
So that no one tries to jump or escape.
But it's totally fun,
It has a lot of green grass,
Frankly it seems
Also a small campus
More than a detainee.
This is a hallway.
The doors on both sides are the location of the cells.
And I'll take you into a dungeon here.
This is what a typical dungeon looks like.
It is not great;
About 100 square feet;
They told us its square meter system,
That the Americans don't know,
But it's about 100 square feet.
And you will see
There is a little -
A sleeping mattress will be placed on that side,
Small mattress.
There is an office and a phone,
And a window until sunlight runs out.
There is also space,
A part has a bathroom and a washbasin.
Last summer, President Obama visited a federal prison.
He went to the Federal Reserve "El-Reno" in Oklahoma,
He saw prison cells there, and they are about this big.
The difference is that with those cells, two or three guests are supposed to be seated
Whereas in Germany, only one.
Violence in prisons in Germany is much lower
From American prisons,
This is partly because everyone lives in their own cell.
Now - some of you will go to university next year -
The size of this dungeon
It is the same size as the university dorm room I have lived in
When I was at the University of California.
Maybe the room was a little bit bigger,
But two of us were staying there.
But there is a big difference between two students at the university,
One is very organized and the other is messy,
Between a murderer and a rapist, they share a cell this size, right ?!
Manage this!
So,
right Now,
There are places designated for dining on each floor.
And there is a kitchenette here,
We asked the German prison staff:
"These kitchens,
Does she have knives?
Do they have bowls and fries?
Are there dangerous and deadly weapons
According to the American perspective? "
And the German officer said:
"Absolutely, I mean this ... everything they cook in."
A completely different view of what a guest should have.
The German vision is trying to get people to live in prison
In the same way that they will live outside it
They will need to cook their own meals
So let's get them to do it here.
And that's a picture of another scene.
right Now,
Interesting information about German prisons!
every year,
If the inmate gets psychological treatment
And he goes to the lessons he is supposed to attend,
And practicing vocational training,
He does all the things that are supposed to be done in prison
He is allowed to leave prison for several hours, or even on a full night,
Without regard to the crime he committed.
And every year, there are hundreds of thousands of prison exits,
What we call here is "exit permission."
And we ask, among every hundreds of thousands of departures,
"How many times does a guest not return?
How many times do they commit a crime while abroad?
And the answer: between all those departures every year,
0.3% of the prisoners do not return or commit a crime while they are abroad.
Three in a thousand!
There is no such thing in the United States.
There are four types of prisons in Germany
They do not call it "light guard", "medium", and "extreme".
They believe that naming an institution “maximum security”
Will lead to violence between prisoners each other, and between them and prison staff,
Because they are going to the utmost guard, everyone must be rude.
So they have institutions
Where prisoners serve sentences of five years or more,
And institutions for those who spend five years or less.
And institutions for events -
So, if you committed a crime when you were eighteen or younger,
Whoever goes to a juvenile institution,
He will spend his entire sentence there.
So most people are in juvenile institutions
In the early twenties.
The Germans want to separate the younger convicts
About the older, very dangerous
In order for younger convicts not to become more serious criminals.
And number four, they have something called "open prisons."
The open prison is where you go
If you have six months or less at the end of your sentence,
In these institutions, you are encouraged to leave the prison during the day
To search for a job or housing,
And you just have to come back at night.
People working in German prisons
Very different from those working in American prisons.
It is very difficult to get a job as a reformist employee in Germany.
Less than 10% of the applicants are accepted.
It's as hard as admission to the University of California, Berkeley, or something.
To have a job like that.
Rehabilitation takes two years of training.
Most of their training is in social counseling and rehabilitation.
Some of them may be in physical control; As a kind of technique.
German prison institutions, as I reviewed Heidering prison
Nice places to work out.
They are clean, and the staff eat the same food as prisoners,
The atmosphere in prisons is largely calm.
It is free from anger and gossip.
The question is, why?
The first article in the German constitution states:
Human dignity is inviolable.
Protecting and respecting it is the duty of all state authorities. "
The most important thing of all, number one
In the German constitution,
Adopted by the German Supreme Court,
Every cell was given a cell,
No solitary confinement,
No death penalty,
All persons are eligible for police release.
Certainly, the German constitution did not come out of nowhere.
I wanted to show a picture of "Chaka Senghor".
Convicted of murder from Detroit who came with us on this trip.
He was released, and is doing very well.
He spent seven and a half years in solitary confinement
In "Michigan" prison.
German employees think that this is as cruel and almost as torture
They were amazed that he had not completely lost his mind.
Now, I am talking to you
After I reviewed the German constitution
That constitution was written in 1949
During the period that Germany was occupied by the United States, Britain, and France
After the Second World War.
Written in "Holocaust"
After what the government of Germany did,
So, it is not surprising
"Respect for human dignity" was number one.
After I finished my week long trip there,
I installed Mercedes-Benz,
And I started driving towards Bergen Belsen.
The car started talking to me in German and giving me instructions.
I do not speak German,
I was not comfortable receiving instructions in German.
Especially since I was going to Bergen Belsen.
I arrived there after about three hours.
My father and grandmother were in Bergen Belsen
From January 1945 until the fifteenth of April 1945.
This was the third camp where they were arrested.
They entered two former camps in Poland.
By the time Bergen Belsen arrived in 1945
There were 60,000 people and 10,000 dead bodies -
Dead people -
In an area of ​​less than 0.2 square miles.
Less than half the size of this campus.
So, they didn't need people who were aiming to kill people.
Thousands of diseases such as typhoid and fever have killed thousands of them.
Even after Britain liberated the camp in April 1945,
10,000 people died in the following month.
In March 1945,
At the same time that my dad and grandmother were there,
Annie Frank and her sister Margot, you may have heard about them,
They died in March 1945.
I got there to camp.
There are some pictures of what the camp looked like.
The British completely burned it
To get rid of the diseases that were there.
There were some memorials that were inaugurated there.
I met Dr. Brend Horsman.
He is the chief archive of Bergen Belsen,
I had contacted him before I came.
He is almost my age
Not a Jew .. He lived near the camp.
And I had sent him information about my family.
I spent about half the day with him, and the other half I was walking,
He was able to tell me the records
Kept by the English army and the Jewish committee
For those who survived.
The name of the Jewish Records Committee was in Hebrew,
Which often translates to "Holocaust survivors"
Or something.
But the Hebrew word is more severe.
It means "counted remains".
And in the recordings
I saw the original name of my father and grandmother,
Memory and heritage!
I walked around the camp for about four hours.
Such heights are found throughout the camp.
Tens of thousands of people were buried beneath it.
I did not go to Germany to forget or forgive,
I did not,
But I went to learn.
How did a country do all these atrocities
To rebuild itself so quickly
To become one of the most enlightened countries on crime and punishment?
If Dostoyevsky was right when he said:
"A society's degree of civilization can be calculated by entering its prisons."
How much do we prepare?
I learned from my visit to prisons
And speak to repair personnel, and convicted criminals
And walking through a quiet spacious field of mass graves
The world may be disappointing
But it can be fixed
Because we are all created with human dignity.
Thank you
(clap)